Contribution guide updates for Quickstart authors (#977)
dapr/quickstarts: CONTRIBUTING.md

    - Many changes to the Dapr runtime may require changes to the API. In that case, the best place to discuss the potential feature is the main [Dapr repo](https://github.com/dapr/dapr).
    - Other examples could include bindings, state stores or entirely new components.

## Contributing to Dapr Quickstarts

This section describes the guidelines for contributing code / docs to Dapr Quickstarts.

### Pull Requests

> All contributions come through pull requests. To submit a proposed change, we recommend following this workflow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All contributions come through pull requests. To submit a proposed change, follow this workflow:
```

1. Make sure there's an issue (bug or proposal) raised, which sets the expectations for the contribution you are about to make.

> 1. Assign the issue to yourself by commenting `/assign` in the issue. This triggers the [Dapr GitHub](https://docs.dapr.io/contributing/daprbot/) bot and will assign the issue to you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Assign the issue to yourself by commenting `/assign` in the issue. This triggers the [Dapr GitHub](https://docs.dapr.io/contributing/daprbot/) bot and it assigns the issue to you.
```

1. [Fork](https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts/fork) the Dapr Quickstarts repository into your GitHub account and create a new branch.
1. Create your change.
    - Code changes require tests.
1. Update relevant documentation for the change.
1. Commit your changes and open a PR to the Dapr Quickstarts repository.
1. Wait for the CI process to finish and make sure all checks are green.
1. A maintainer of the project will be assigned, and you can expect a review within a few days.

> 1. Make sure the checks/test actions pass with your changes.  See [Test authoring] for information around how this works and how to troubleshoot.

Reviewer: See [Test authoring] - Needs a URL reference

2. Create a PR to change to the global Dapr runtime version in `/.github/env/global.env` to be used by Dapr CLI in all CI/CD actions and tests.  [Example PR](https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts/pull/976)
3. Analyze checks/tests and push on maintainers to revert or address any breaks to existing quickstarts.  
4. Ensure clean tests that match stability in `master`.  

This branch is now ready to release and/or take incoming PRs for new Quickstarts.

### Adding a new Quickstart
TODO

### Authoring tests for new Quickstarts
TODO

### Troubleshooting tests
TODO

### Cutting a release of quickstarts
1. Change to the release branch created above.
2. Make sure the matching runtime and CLI versions are set to match intent in `global.env` file
3. Create a new [Tag](https://github.com/dapr/quickstarts/tags) from this release branch in the form of v.M.mm-rcN, e.g. `v1.13-rc1`. 
4. After the final RC is promoted to a full release, create a new Tag dropping the RC, e.g. `v1.13.0`.  

> 5. Create a new [Release]() in the form of `v1.13` and reference the tag from last step.  Note the releases have convention of no dot releases (e.g. v1.13.0) unless patched (e.g. v1.13.1).  Include highlights and changelist in the release notes, and double check that contributors get credit.  

Reviewer: - Brackets are empty for [Release]()
- What are you saying here "Note the releases have convention of no dot releases (e.g. v1.13.0) unless patched (e.g. v1.13.1)" - do not understand the "no dot releases" reference here

Author: I will clarify that sentence.  good catch.
